All right common character kown this is a fun one.
I actually wrote two functions to solve this one.
I wrote a helper function and here as well so we'll we'll go over that and the actual solution.
So what is our objective.
Well we're taking in two strings one and two and we're trying to find out what characters they have
in common.
And then we're going to return that towable So in A B C C and A.D. s.a.a they both have two A's and
they both have one C so we're going to return a total of three.
I use the proper use of the method split and the HAs own property as well.
To solve this those are your hints.
Let's jump right into it.
Alright so the way that I solve this was I split up each one of the strings into an array of characters.
I then iterated through them and found out and I kept.
I created an object which I just called S1 object eschew object as awful naming convention.
But what we're going to do is we're going to iterate through it and we're going to get a list of the
characters via as an object and then we're going to check those properties and turn the lesser of the
two.
So let's start by just converting our last one to an S1 character.
Like so.
And also because when I originally saw this and josser were in the air here.
So we're going to do is we're just going to make this a contest and we're s.a as one charas and we're
just going make that a string array.
We're going to make it.
But I'm going to explicitly state it whenever I deal with arrays.
I like to explicitly say instead of implicit It is a preference you don't have to.
And so we can do something for us to char's and just go and do the same thing here.
Excellent.
And so the to split.
All right cool so we now have our two character arrays and we're going to go ahead and write a function
because we're going to call it for both in just a second.
I just call that get char list.
And so this is going to be a function that is going to iterate over those arrays and then return an
object that has a count of the keys which would be the letters.
So get char lists read and pass in the the word actually chars would be better.
All right.
And char's is a array of strings.
And what we're expecting him back is an object.
All right.
So now let's go in and create a constant script called word count.
And this is just going to be a empty object for the time being it will be what will be pending to iterate
through our chars.
So let II equal 0 is less and charge laugh.
Plus plus.
And here we're going to have an if else Siskind check if that property exists.
If it doesn't we're going to add that property and set the count to 1.
If it does meaning that lay is already in there and let's say has a count of 1 we're just going to add
1 to it.
That's all we're going to be doing.
So it's just a little if here where say if our word count dot has own property and the property that
we're checking is the word or accident of the chars.
If that is equally false actually is probably better this way.
If if that's true all we want to do is go ahead and say word count is word count.
Plus plus want to add 1 to it.
So if it exists just add 1 to the count else it doesn't exist.
And so we're going to have word count of that character set equal to 1.
Nice.
So now that we have this function you know of course you have to return word count as well.
So now that we have this function in we're going to go ahead and create another Konst here and again
I do a very good.
Well just to add one char count all rename it.
And this is going to be equal to the get char list and then here we're going to pass an S 1 chars and
we're into the same thing for the two
char count
and get all their Chass and fast as to char's in they're very nice.
So now what we're going to do is we're going to iterate through one of these one of these objects we
don't have to iterate through both because if it's not in one it's on the other we don't care.
So I'm just going to choose the the as one char so we're going to do a for loop which will iterate through
it.
So when you say Konst prof in s one char count and here we're going to have some similar logic it's
not identical but some similar logic.
And we're going to need before we move forward just create a total variable here.
What does that equal to zero.
And at the end here that's what we want to return.
Or turn total.
Now we have to modify tol'able here and we're going to just check if s to char count
dot has own property.
And what are we checking.
We're checking that proc that we're passing into it.
If that's true what do we want to do.
Well we want to do a simple if a nested IF here that says like reach if s to object you want return
the smaller value because let's say there's three A's in 1 and 2 and 3 and 2 A's and another you need
to return two because that's the only value they have in common.
So we're just going to another check here.
Let's say escuchar count Propp is less than 1 char count Propp.
Go ahead and say total is less equals 2 as to char count Propp else it's there either the same or the
as one char count is less.
And so we're just going to get total plus equals.
As one chart Count property and wham bam at the end of it we get three guys are expecting a little bit
more in terms of code than what we did before.
There's probably a way to I mean I think this is fine for what for what we're trying to get across.
I think this is a a full solution I'll say.
I also think it's very clean.
We don't repeat ourself any anywhere with this function.
I think does a lot of good and there is a way to do this with for loops but if I remember correctly.
So when we're checking property this is essentially not not counting all these props in here but we're
checking for a property if it exists.
We are only doing a single check.
It's not iterating through something like it would in an array.
So if I had 10000 properties it would in every 10000 items in the array it would iterate through to
do that check if we had like it every.
For instance or an includes or whatever it may be.
But when we work with objects it's just that they're not.
It's just a single check.
And so it's much faster.
So this is one of the ways that you can make your code more efficient and I believe in this example
I'd have to jump back on to code sites and see what I believe in this example.
When I did do like a double nested array it actually timed out.
So this was kind of a fun one because of that.